I'm going with the measure of this watch here
As I said, they change the points and
we are not going to see the coil that we saw here
before
I correct
that you notice here a point other not in
this our coil points are
here to be represented not on this but on
these tracks
this is untouchable because here are the
the filaments then I will do what
same one point to each other point here
we can the reaction
in the third and we'll see how
this circuit reacts unlike the
previous
with the touches
indistinctly the position of
same look
between positions
as more stable goes up as much as low
let's go to the second
test
first the hollow and then the
explained
the next test
as in the previous case the second one
we did the negative to one of the two
tracks of the coil output and the
positive to the stack let's see
relate that needle
I go to one of the tracks already on the stack
there we have it
now I change
of track
the relationship is the same and I go to the
last test where he placed the pile on
the
the metal part of the watch
I make contact with her and I go to
positive
Tika explained it quickly
upside down negative and positive here in this
look at it
I'm going to put each part
if you see the feeling of this circuit is
more couple
that we worked previously
very clear
With this we finish your work
electronic watches I remember my
decision to 969 hotmail.com I thank you
have seen this video
and any questions or suggestions make me
the favor that they communicate it to my mail
I hope you liked it